# 05 Gifts

Airborne Treats are flying out of the freezer. Cherry is looking for a second
cow üêÑ on Facebook marketplace, Mamey is resorting to mixing new batter with
a custom made 2x4 spatula. Last week, you didn't get much engineering work
done because you've been helping out on the support side.

In addition to slanging code, you're also the first line of defence for
`support@airborne-treats.store`. Volume has gone up üìà over the past couple
weeks from 10-20 tickets per day to 40-50 tickets on a heavy day.

One thing you've noticed is about 10% of these tickets are folks asking to
change their order so that its delivered annonymously to another person with a
note.

Several customers are now starting to buy ice-cream and have it delivered to
their friends, especially those friends in Ashville, where its quite fun to see
a drone land and drop off a box of ice-cream pints!

You decide that this weekend, while the support queue is quiet, you'll bang out
a new feature to support gifting. The site needs a form to collect an optional
gift note that will be written by hand. The notes will be special, beautifully
hand written; the team is already stretched super thin, so you need a way to
make sure this doesn't kill the business.

Since demand is so high, what if we charge by the character? That'll align our
cost center with the value add.

[You figure](https://lmgtfy.app/?q=handwritten+words+per+minute&iie=1) it takes
about 1 minute to write 40 characters and decide to charge $0.05 per character
with a $0.50 minimum.

### Actions

Optionally collect a gift note before redirecting to Checkout, add an additional
fee for the length of the written note in addition to the ice-cream ordered. At
the end of this section, customers should be able to order for themselves or
send ice-cream as gifts. If a gift is sent, be sure to print the custom note
along with the order information as part of fulfillment so the warehouse knows
they need to hand write a note.


üß† Is a written note taxable? If so, what's the tax code? Does that matter?


---

[<- Back to 04 fulfillment](./04-fulfillment.md)
|
[Next 06 Authentication ->](./06-authentication.md)

[TODO](../TODO.md)
